Look.
How about this one?
A junior executive at a company.
Parents are healthy.
This works.
Her mom's nice.
Don't swear.
I...
I meant the child's mother is nice.
Why look at her mother?
Her father is alive and well.
I want you to look at the girl.
Fine.
Xiao Cai,
are you planning to swap your son's wife?
What? No.
I'm planning to introduce one to Yusheng.
He downloaded that app for me.
On there,
not only can you pull up their profile,
but it can also calculate
whether two people are a match.
Really?
Then calculate for me.
Am I a match with Ms. Liu?
Pfft!
A match, right?
Surfing the web on phones is so convenient now.
Back when I traded stocks,
I'd sit in front of the computer staring all day.
Now, I can watch from bed.
Yeah.
Before, you lost money sitting.
A "sit-loss."
Now you're a "lie-loss."
You're just jealous of me.
Your lousy stocks.
What do I have to be jealous of?
Green and eco-friendly.
You're the one.
Alright.
Stop bickering, you two old guys.
Help me take a look.
Is this girl okay?
This one...
She's fine.
Xiao Cai,
did Yusheng ask you to find him a partner?
You're so enthusiastic.
We have to take initiative.
Right?
The kid helped us so much.
If we introduce a partner to him,
isn't that our duty?
This is called...
"When eating the well, don't forget the water digger."
I don't think I said that right.
Ms. Liu.
Come, here.
Okay, Ms. Liu.
Sit at this table.
Okay.
Yusheng.
Look.
Quick, look at this one.
This one.
Thirty-nine years old. How about it?
Auntie Cai.
How many times have I told you?
I already like someone.
Yingzi.
Stop thinking about her.
She's going abroad soon.
This one's good. Thirty-nine.
Besides, she's way too old for me.
This...
You kids don't understand.
Older is better.
This...
What's good about being old?
Ms. Liu.
You...
What's wrong today?
You have to admit you're getting old.
I feel like my health lately
just isn't what it used to be.
Getting on in years,
who doesn't get sick?
Therefore,
I've decided to make a will.
Why make a will when you're fine?
Ms. Liu's idea is very forward-thinking.
It allows one to realize their personal will.
Right?
Yes.
I'll make one too.
Learn from Ms. Liu.
Yusheng.
About making this will...
You have to give me some advice.
Sure.
You dictate, and I'll type for you.
Look at Yusheng here.
Ms. Liu.
I'll go wait for you in the room then.
Okay.
This...
Yusheng, don't run off!
This is really nice.
Thirty-eight years old.
Yusheng.
Overly enthusiastic.
Ms. Liu.
Do you really plan...
to donate all your assets?
That's right.
I'm donating it all.
I'm not leaving a single thing for you lot.
Yes, donating it all.
So who do you plan to donate to?
Donate to whom?
To my grandson's school.
Right.
To my alma mater.
Yes.
He hasn't started school yet.
I can pay for him to go to a good school.
I can buy a house in the school district.
I was thinking...
I want to set up an art fund.
So that talented kids...
can get an education.
An art fund.
Yes.
Is there anything else to add?
I'll add one more thing.
My house...
no matter who gets it...
it just can't go to that Little fox.
I'm so furious.
That Little fox in our family...
just to get my house...
all day long...
drives a wedge between me and my son.
Xiao Cai.
Listen to me.
If we're talking about...
those messy issues in your family...
if you make a will...
I think there won't be...
these troubles anymore.
I don't need one.
My own stuff...
I can call the shots.
That's hard to say for sure.
Say, if one day...
you suddenly just...
you know...
that...
that thing happens...
then the house goes to your son.
Going to my son is no problem.
As long as it doesn't go to that Little fox.
They're a married couple.
So what if they're married?
That's exactly why...
this is the benefit of making a will.
It's down in black and white.
You write it out clearly.
Then nothing will go wrong.
Yusheng!
Auntie Cai.
Hurry up.
Hurry up and help...
Auntie Cai write a will.
You want to write one too?
I promise to introduce you to a great partner.
Please don't, Auntie Cai.
You...
I'll help you write the will.
But you have to promise me...
stop setting me up on dates.
On that matter...
I really can't promise.
Professor Fan
Eat more vegetables
Green is lucky for you
Thanks
You should eat more eggs
Good for the brain
There's no audience here
It's no fun for us to bicker
You can say that again
Ms. Liu stays cooped up in her room all day
And who knows what Auntie Cai has been busy with lately
Auntie Cai
Sit here
No time
Speak of the devil
Old Fan
About what I told you the other day
About my cousin's daughter
What cousin's daughter?
My third sister's girl
The one I asked you to find a husband for
That cousin's daughter of yours, right?
There's no one suitable
This kind of matchmaking business
Is Auntie Cai's specialty
True
Auntie Cai is too busy
I don't know if she
Has time for our business
Yeah
Don't give me that
I am extremely busy right now
The matchmaking agency
Is temporarily closed
Sit here and eat
The food will get cold if you take it back
Let go
I'm really busy
Busy with what?
This cafeteria without Ms. Liu
And with you here
Just lacks warmth
You can say that again
Just looking at Old Li
Makes me lose my appetite
What are you saying?
I want to puke when I see you
I want to puke even more
Fine
I don't have time to listen to you two squabble
I need to hurry back
To continue working on that will
Wait
Wait a minute
Since you mentioned the will
Can the two of us ask
How Ms. Liu's will is coming along?
Ms. Liu's will is finished
Spill it
What does the will say?
Did she mention me?
Why would she mention you?
What a joke. Why would she mention you?
Did she mention me?
You two are hilarious
In Ms. Liu's will
Regarding the two of you
Not a single word was mentioned
Ms. Liu's will shows true caliber
What caliber?
She said
She wants to donate all her assets
To her alma mater
To establish a... what was it called?
Something-something fund
Scholarship
Right
I knew it
Ms. Liu's caliber is just high
Can you compare?
Why can't I compare?
Compare what? You?
I'm also planning to...
Look
I'm going back
I'm not staying here with you
While you two argue
You two keep arguing
Argue! Fight it out!
The old lady has challenged us
If that's the case
I should go back immediately too
What are you going to do?
I'm going to match Ms. Liu's caliber
I won't muddle along
Wasting time with you anymore
I'll compete too
It's just caliber
I have to see yours first.
You...
Why should you see mine first?
Even a will,
you want to plagiarize?
I want to see how far behind you are.
So I can help you.
What?
Don't fight!
You two are hurting the unity here.
How about...
you look at mine first?
You wrote a will too?
All the seniors here are writing wills now.
We're following the example of...
Ms. Liu from Changqing Residence.
Ms. Liu writing a will...
how did you all find out?
Little Cai said so.
Little Cai, that loudspeaker.
Once she knows,
the whole community...
doesn't everyone know?
Right, exactly.
The People's Commune broadcaster.
"When I leave this world..."
"...take my own self's..."
No, this won't do.
You even put Beijing...
our local slang in there.
This colloquialism...
Let me see this...
I've decided that when that day comes
Probably a hundred years from now
You've certainly set that date far in the future
A hundred years from now
Clinging to this dazzling world
Lacks caliber
I say
Well
Let's see your caliber then, Little Li
Watch me
My caliber is way too high
I can't leave a single cent to her
That Little fox
Auntie Cai
Words like "Little fox"
Let's not write that in
A will needs to be formal
Did I say Little fox?
Hu Xiaoli
Fine
Write this down too
Asks what's for dinner the moment she walks in
Crosses her legs
Just waiting to be served
Like you've been busy all day
Like you're the only one who's tired, right?
No
And she's eyeing my apartment
In her dreams!
Auntie Cai
Which sentence should I write?
Write it all down
Xiao Cai
Don't get agitated
Don't rush the kid
I'm not rushing him
Yusheng, no rush, here
Have some water first
Thank you, Ms. Liu
Write this down
This sentence is especially important
Especially important
Important
In case
The two of them get divorced
The grandson
Must go to my son
About this
Auntie Cai
Your will doesn't have the final say
The court will consider everything
The parents' income
And the child's wishes
I don't have the final say?
Who has the final say?
That's funny
I'll be gone by then, right?
Our ancestors had a saying
The dead are the greatest
Right?
Yes
Also
Add another one, add
Supplement
Add a clause
Write it like this
If the Little fox
Hu Xiaoli
Gets rid of her bad habits
I can give her a way out
And consider letting her live in my apartment
She's already living in your apartment right now
Exactly.
The key lies in this sentence.
Let me see yours.
I have decided that in the near future,
upon my departure from this world,
I will donate my over eight million to my hometown
and our retirement community.
Caliber.
That's great.
Grandpa Li, have you decided
when you're going to donate?
What's that supposed to mean?
Are you hoping for my early death or something?
No.
That's not what I meant.
The problem is,
do you have eight million?
Whether I have eight million isn't important.
The key is the caliber.
Can you catch up?
Do I even need to catch up?
I plan to hand over my ten million
entirely to the state.
This caliber is leagues ahead of yours.
Do you have ten million?
Intellectual property!
My life's work,
translations, copyrights,
and all sorts of spiritual wealth.
It's worth more than ten million!
My god.
He's just bluffing with us here.
You couldn't possibly understand.
I'm going to see Ms. Liu.
She will correctly evaluate
the caliber of my will.
You stop right there.
I'm going with you.
This...
what's going on?
Just blowing hot air.
Won't admit the truth.
It's just...
that house,
I'll leave it directly to my grandson.
If I leave it to my son,
wouldn't that be the same as
leaving it to that Little fox?
But before your grandson comes of age,
his parents are still his legal guardians.
What does that mean?
It means this house
will still be under your daughter-in-law, the Little fox,
Hu Xiaoli's control.
No way.
That won't do.
This...
Um...
Yusheng,
hurry and think of an idea for Auntie Cai.
How can we get this
legal guardian removed for her?
Removed?
You want me to go be an assassin?
Auntie Cai,
don't worry.
It's not like once we finish writing this,
the house belongs to them immediately.
This is a dictated will.
We still need to find witnesses
to prove you are of sound mind and not under duress.
Aren't you all witnesses?
Aren't you all watching?
No, we...
You need to find professional lawyers and notaries.
Only then is it reasonable and legal.
It's that much trouble?
It is that much trouble.
Come in. What's going on here?
Come here.
Ms. Liu,
look at the caliber of what I wrote.
No.
My will.
Look at mine first.
You fight over everything.
Then let Yusheng have a look.
Okay.
Is there no first come, first served here?
Yusheng has already written half of mine.
No, we know how to write.
We just want you to judge.
See whose writing is better.
Look at our caliber.
Let me show you.
I decided to donate all my savings
to the Sanjiang region.
Where?
Sanjiang.
Just Sanjiang.
Well...
The term "Sanjiang"
first appeared in the Warring States period,
found in the Book of Documents.
Showing off again.
The modern Sanjiang refers to
the Yangtze River,
the Yellow River,
and the Lancang River.
Alright, stop showing off.
The Sanjiang I'm talking about
is from when I was in the Corps,
the Sanjiang Plain.
That is the Northeast's Sanjiang.
It refers to the Heilongjiang, Songhua, and Wusuri Rivers.
I know that.
But in the future,
the person reading this document
might not necessarily know.
Yusheng, do you know?
I...
Grandpa Li,
my geography isn't very good.
The Sanjiang I'm talking about
isn't the Sanjiang that flows into the sea.
It flows into...
Me...
There.
It flowed into the computer.
It's all your fault.
You just had to compare your caliber with Ms. Liu.
You have the nerve to blame me?
If you hadn't knocked over the teacup...
...and flooded her computer...
...would we have been kicked out?
If you hadn't shown off your Warring States knowledge...
...would I have needed to argue about the Three Rivers?
If I hadn't argued about the Three Rivers...
...would that cup have tipped over?
If the cup hadn't tipped over...
...this whole thing...
...is all on you.
You were the one who wanted to compare caliber.
And now you're blaming me.
Look at you...
Why are you two arguing again?
Learn from me.
Look at the two of you.
Arguing every day.
Look at us two.
Happy every day.
Who are you calling a dog?
Well...
You're with an old...
What are you fussing about?
Gou'er Ye, we aren't arguing.
We're making our wills.
Going to the underworld?
You're going to the underworld together?
What are you talking about?
Old man.
We are...
...making wills.
Not going to the underworld.
We'll go to the underworld after making the wills.
Stop mixing things up.
Gou'er Ye.
We...
...have to get this will written properly...
...so we can go to the underworld in peace.
So how do you make a will?
You write down what you care about most...
...what you can't let go of...
...write it all down.
Close your eyes, kick the bucket...
...and let it all go.
Let it go.
He actually gets it.
Yeah.
Is it fixed yet?
If it's fixed, we can continue writing.
It's usable now...
...but what we wrote before...
...wasn't saved.
We have to rewrite it.
So all my cursing at the Little fox was for nothing?
Auntie Cai.
We're writing a will...
...not to curse people.
It's for...
...the children.
I know.
Auntie Cai understands the logic.
I just wanted to vent for a moment.
How about this?
I'll curse as hard as I can...
...and you write it down gently.
Alright.
That Little fox...
If it weren't for back then...
...when her mother and I...
I...
You scared me to death!
What are you doing?
You're a big old...
...grown man.
You just walked in without knocking!
I'm looking for the college student.
No matter who you're looking for, you have to knock!
This is a girls' dormitory...
Grandpa Gou'er.
What do you need me for?
I want you to help me check this will...
...to see if it's written okay.
Great, another line-cutter.
Auntie Cai.
Yours definitely won't be finished anytime soon.
How about...
...I check Grandpa Gou'er's first?
Then we can write yours properly.
Is that okay with you?
It has to be okay...
...whether I like it or not.
Look.
Sir,
Please sit.
Gou'er Ye.
I understand what you mean here.
But I don't understand this clause.
This heir of yours...
Who is "Little Dog"?
Formal documents require real names.
And ID numbers too.
What "Little Dog"?
You...
Little Dog is Little Dog.
You know?
Where am I supposed to get an ID for it?
It's a dog!
You want to leave a will for a dog?
Come on.
Stand up. One, two, three, go.
Come.
The main gate is right there, right?
One, two, one.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
To the right.
Keep going right.
And you'll be home.
Hurry up.
Hurry.
Forget him. Let's...
Continue cursing that little fox.
Come on.
Today,
I'm treating Yusheng to a meal.
Because...
This child did me a huge favor.
He helped me complete...
The will.
This way,
I can...
Spite that little fox.
Auntie Cai,
Don't say that.
That's not it.
I know.
I'm just venting.
We still have to...
Use the weapon of law, right?
That will hasn't taken effect yet.
What's there to fear?
I've already sent it to my son.
I'll spite you, you little fox.
Who is it?
Who is a little fox?
I...
Am called Hu Xiaoli.
Not Little Fox.
Chen Xiaobao.
Come in! What are you hiding for?
Scared of your own mother?
I'm not hiding.
It's just that...
You guys...
Why...
Did you come so late?
Is it late?
We saw that thing you sent...
The will.
And came over immediately.
Didn't dare delay for a moment.
You saw it, right?
You know how tough this old lady is now, right?
Came to beg for mercy, right?
Look at what you're saying.
We can't thank you enough.
Thank me?
Thank me for what?
Thank you for leaving that house...
To your eldest grandson.
Who is your eldest grandson?
He is my own flesh and blood.
Think about it.
Who does your grandson listen to?
I raised my grandson single-handedly.
Of course he listens to me.
Is that so?
Really?
That's hilarious.
Please look over here.
This is your eldest son, right?
You raised him single-handedly too, right?
Who does he listen to now?
Chen Dabao.
Am I the only one talking?
Say a few words to your dear mother too.
Aren't you quite talkative at home?
Come on, say it to your mom's face.
Mom,
you...
You really need to rest.
Mom, look at you...
Is that the line?
What did I tell you at home?
There are so many people here.
Fine.
You all get to be the good guys,
and I'm the only bad guy, right?
No one said that.
Right, we didn't say that.
Save it, old man.
My "good" mother-in-law here,
badmouths me to you every day.
You think I don't know?
I work from dawn to dusk every day.
What am I after?
Isn't it all for
the Chen family's eldest grandson?
Saying I'm eyeing your houses.
That's hilarious.
If you're so tough, don't give them to anyone.
Take all that fortune of yours
to the grave with you.
Chen Dabao!
Let's go. Come home.
Wait...
Mom, we're leaving.
Yusheng.
That will...
it's settled.
Scrap it and start over.
People raise sons to support them in old age.
But for me,
I have to guard against my son in old age.
Auntie Cai, that will you wrote is really...
Anyway, anyone who reads it would lose it.
However,
the kid was also in the heat of the moment.
Even in the heat of the moment,
you can't talk to your elders like that.
Auntie Cai,
this is actually my fault too.
I pretended to be an expert with half-baked knowledge.
I invited a student from the law department
to come over tomorrow
and explain to us
how a will
should be made.
A law student?
Male or female?
Seeing anyone?
Oh, Auntie Cai.
Gou'er Ye.
Grandpa Fan.
Grandpa Li.
Hello.
Really nice.
You haven't even looked at it yet.
How is it nice?
I mean you look really nice.
Do you have a boyfriend?
Auntie Cai, hold on a second.
Can you take a look at ours?
And see what other problems there are?
Student Xiao Fang, tell us about all of them together.
Grandpa Li,
the main problem with yours is
the fabrication of personal assets.
This...
a will, you see,
must involve real, legal personal assets.
Actually, I...
I mainly wanted to highlight my caliber.
That doesn't matter.
I'm in the prime of my life.
I can still earn more.
You can still earn?
You get dizzy just turning around now.
Grandpa Fan, your issues aren't major.
It's mainly that
the copyright mentioned in the will...
the moral rights within it
cannot be inherited.
It's hollow, isn't it?
But this copyright
can be transferred to
the administrative department for protection.
College girl,
tell me about mine too.
Gou'er Ye,
I'm sorry,
well...
our country doesn't yet have
regulations regarding wills left to pets.
This is my son!
He's almost...
he's almost ten years old.
You see, I'm afraid that one day...
if I go before him,
there won't even be anyone to feed him.
Grandpa Gou'er,
you don't need to make a will.
If that day really comes,
I'll take care of the dog.
I can do it too.
Really?
Really.
Then on behalf of...
I have to thank you on behalf of your Uncle Dog.
Thank you, my big nephew.
What's this uncle and nephew stuff?
This is my son.
Isn't that right?
In terms of generation,
shouldn't you call him Uncle?
If there's nothing else,
I'll be heading back now.
Wait a moment.
You told me to wait earlier.
It should be my turn now, right?
That's enough.
Honestly.
Young lady,
do you have a boyfriend or not?
If you don't,
what do you think of our Yusheng?
Look, him right there.
Here we go again.
He...
is such a handsome boy.